okay so this video is about the iPhone
11 the iPhone 11 pro the big boy
expensive version which it feels kind of
like a placeholder for next year's
models that is a very camera focused
product and I'll do in two separate
video of that in another day I want to
talk about the six hundred and ninety
nine dollar iPhone 11 I think this is
the most interesting product that Apple
has launched in the past two three years
so it's not the specs the specs are
super boring it's the same phone as the
previous generation I would consider to
be a refresh model with just a second
camera but the price tag of $6.99 is
very interesting because at that price
point they are literally leaving
billions of dollars on the table so
here's the thing we recently saw the
sales figures of the top 10 smartphone
models sold around the world in the
first half of 2019 so this chart has
just from top to bottom the best selling
phone to the 10th best selling phone and
at the top of that list is the iPhone 10
our that is a phone that's sold for
seven hundred and forty nine dollars
u.s. so basically some fifty but if that
phone had sold for one dollar less like
just one dollar cheaper for the customer
to buy Apple would have made twenty six
point nine million dollars less money
this year the iPhone 11 is selling for
$6.99 that's fifty dollars cheaper than
the previous year and if you take 50
dollars and multiply it by that sales
figure that's over 1.3 billion US
dollars that Apple is willing to leave
on the table now obviously that number
is going to be affected by carrier
subsidies but point being it's a lot of
money it's and that's only six months of
sales figures like if you go for the
course of the year it's like who knows
how much that is
point being Apple willingly knowingly
lowered the price on their phone and
just left that money on the table and
even though Apple is a super rich
company a billion dollars is still a lot
of money for them especially in a market
where a percentage gained here
percentage loss here is a big deal like
people pay attention to that stuff and
it affects Apple's stock price leaving a
billion dollars out there is a big
business decision and what I think we're
seeing here is two factors come into
play
number
I think that Apple is finally feeling
market pressure this is a company like
if you think about what Apple has been
doing over the years when other
companies were releasing like $300
flagship killers apples like boom here's
my thousand dollar iPhone 10 that's
Apple they rarely fold to market
pressure but maybe it was all the
cheaper Samsung phones out there maybe
it's like the cheap phones from Xiaomi
or maybe I don't know oneplus or pixels
three devices finally got under their
skin it doesn't matter what happened but
I think that market pressure finally got
into Apple's head and they lowered the
price because they felt like they had to
but the second more important reason why
I think they lowered the price on this
phone is because apples in a different
phase right now they are no longer as
dependent on their iPhone revenue to
stay profitable they don't need to make
a lot of money off of their phones
because their services revenue is just
growing so rapidly it's actually quite
surprising to analysts we've got Apple
music Apple games Apple news Apple TV
like iCloud storage there are a ton of
services that Apple is selling to people
and what is the best way to snowball the
revenue from those services cheaper
iPhones so sure you lose a billion
dollars in iPhone revenue but as you
capture a bigger audience with this
cheaper phone you just make that money
back maybe double triple that with
services and now when a consumer is
looking at that mid-range market I guess
mid-range is relative but if you look at
that $700 price point you now have a
very compelling product from Apple with
the iPhone 11 now if that price tag is
still uncomfortable if that seven
hundred dollar price tag feels a little
steep the iPhone 10 are from the
previous year is $600 I think that's
actually a pretty good value for what it
is I was actually one of the very few
people last year that didn't rip on the
10r
but I actually think it's a pretty solid
experience for the money and it's just
even better of a value this year but
that's basically what this videos about
I'm I'm very excited to see how Apple
takes this like what's their next step
they have these cheaper phones obviously
their whole product line isn't super
cheap but the fact that they lowered
this one by this much it means something
it's significant okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it
subs have you loved it see you guys next
time